Now I want to create candidate and employer register pages. in here candidate signup i need to collect 
First name
Last name
NIC/Passport
Gender
Date of birth
Residential address	
Contact no
Email address
Password

in Employer signup page need to collect
Name of the company
Business Registration (certificate to be uploaded and AI(gemini) will analyze the doc)
Industry
Registered address
Create Admin register 
First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Password


in here company details take first in a form. then after validate Business Registration certificate go to admin register form. it should be a wizard. 1st step company and 2nd step admin. then click the signup button. 

Use Zod for validaion. 


in here candidate after successfully login check  profile_completed  status. if it is false redirect to create profile page. if it is true redirect to dashboard. in create profile I want to collect all data of the candidate


use Zod, Shadcn components and keep consistancy with the other pages and functionalities. I need the fastest application. there fore use optimized queries here. follow a clean and clear file and folder structure.


@mcp:supabase-mcp-server: act as a senior software engineer. now I want to store cv in supabase. after candidate extracting data from the cv when candidate create the profile cv should store in supabase storage. there should a resume folder and cv should save in a folder named with relevant candidate id in resume folder. then resume url should save under resume_url in candidate table. but when storing cv want to add the logo as a watermark to the cv.

Also both create profile and store cv tasks must do in same time. if any task fail. other task must stop. so if fail to create candidate cannot store cv and if fail to store cv cannot create profile. logo is in public folder

deeply gothrough the codebase and supabase.  use Shadcn components and keep consistancy with the other pages and functionalities. I need the fastest application. there fore use optimized queries here. follow a clean and clear file and folder structure.



@mcp:supabase-mcp-server: act as a senior software engineer. now I want to store cv in supabase. after candidate extracting data from the cv when candidate create the profile that data must include a common cv. for all candidates in every industry this cv format is same. there should a resume_copy folder and common cv should save in a folder named with relevant candidate id in resume_copy folder. then resume url should save under resume_copy_url in candidate table. but when storing cv want to add the logo as a watermark to the cv.

Also create profile and store original cv and store common cv tasks must do in same time. if any task fail. other tasks must stop. logo is in public folder

deeply gothrough the codebase and supabase.  use Shadcn components and keep consistancy with the other pages and functionalities. I need the fastest application. there fore use optimized queries here. follow a clean and clear file and folder structure.

common cv should not be boring.


act as a senior software engineer. I want to create employer signup and company registration. in here company is the priority thing and creating person is the super admin of the company.  registration form should be like a wizard. first step should be company name, business registration no, industry, business registered address, business registration certificate. After choose the certificate analyze the document and compare the given company name amd Business registration no is match with the document. if yes enable the nect button to go to next step. there I want to 